Mission: To create and organize training courses, conduct research and create knowledge through education programs, professional fora and workshops.

Vision:  To be an International Centre of Excellence, a Leading Provider and an Internationally recognized Professional Body in Emergency, Crisis, Disaster, Safety, Environmental and Risk Management 

Values: Professionalism, Excellence, 
Integrity and 
Passion

✔ Your Prisma schema was created at prisma/schema.prisma
  You can now open it in your favorite editor.

warn Prisma would have added DATABASE_URL but it already exists in .env
warn You already have a .gitignore file. Don't forget to add `.env` in it to not commit any private information.

Next steps:
1. Set the DATABASE_URL in the .env file to point to your existing database. If your database has no tables yet, read https://pris.ly/d/getting-started
2. Set the provider of the datasource block in schema.prisma to match 
your database: postgresql, mysql, sqlite, sqlserver, mongodb or cockroachdb.
3. Run prisma db pull to turn your database schema into a Prisma schema.
4. Run prisma generate to generate the Prisma Client. You can then start querying your database.
5. Tip: Explore how you can extend the ORM with scalable connection pooling, global caching, and real-time database events. Read: https://pris.ly/cli/beyond-orm

More information in our documentation:
https://pris.ly/d/getting-started

1. Create all neccesary components(Navbar, Sidebar, Sections of the HomePage, and so on) and pages,
2. Install Clerk and set up Sign-In, Sign-Up, middleware as well as the .env.local file. Also add the database URL and clerk webhook secret.
3. Install/initialize Shadcn ui, and add all neccesary UIs,
4. Visit MongoDB and set-up a cluster and a database. Then install mongodb driver and mongoose and create a template table,
5. Visit ngrok wesite, create an account and set up domain which we will use to connect webhooks to sync Clerk data with MongoDB
6. Also download ngrok to the local system pr install it inro the application using "npm install -g ngrok".
7. Use the domain in the clerk dash board and complete the setup, also update the .env.local file.
8. Next install svix: npm i svix to verify the signature of the webhook coming in.
9. Now, we will create a folder and a route.js in it which will contain the handler for our requests coming from ngrok and clerk into our database.
10. Then we will install prisma and prisma client, run "npx prisma init".
11. Next, we create a Prisma schema for the users. Then run "npx prisma generate" to initialize it.
12. After the above, we will create a lib folder in the root directory then create a "db.ts" in it. 
13. Next after creating the "db.ts" file as above, we will start the application "npm run dev".
14. We will also start or run the ngrok so as to activate and point the domain we created earlier to our local host